# Level Goal
The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt in one of the few human-readable strings, preceded by several ‘=’ characters.
```
1) ssh bandit9@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
```
Entered the password obtained from Level 8 to login.
```
2) bandit9@bandit:~$ ls
```
`data.txt`
```
3) bandit9@bandit:~$ strings data.txt | grep =
```
Since the questions says that there are only a few human readable strings in data.txt file among which one is the password, I explored the `strings` command.

Basically `strings` command will filter out and display all the strings present in a file, typically executables, binary, program files, etc. where the file content is weird and can't be understood by us.
The synatx is `strings <file name>`

**NOTE: The binary files, such as program files, contain human-readable text. These files are large-sized if we use a cat or less command; it may cause the terminal to hang up.
There can be two types of characters in a file; printable and non-printable. The alphanumeric characters, punctuation, or whitespaces are known as printable characters; except the printable character, all the characters are known as non-printable characters.
In simple words, we can say that it extracts printable characters from files so that other commands can use the strings without non-printable characters.**

I piped the output of the `strings` command to `grep` to search for the `=` characters as mentioned in the question.
Output:
````
}========== the
p\l=
;c<Q=.dEXU!
3JprD========== passwordi
qC(=
~fDV3========== is
7=oc
zP=
~de=
3k=fQ
~o=0
69}=
%"=Y
=tZ~07
D9========== FGUW5ilLVJrxX9kMYMmlN4MgbpfMiqey
N=~[!N
zA=?0j
````
The password pretty obviously stands out in this output. 

### Some References:
[strings command](https://www.javatpoint.com/linux-strings-command)
